Solidarity = collaborative building of a wall that communicates love
-bricks of glass, art, cleanable pillows? too easy to take as bad health advice
Social mirroring through a soundproof window.
-neighbor starts off bummed, sitting with their back to the wall
-this is space quarantine (newbies to a planet) but the comm systems (short and long distance) are out from a solar storm
-

Light & Darkness
Visual - blank page with dark ink; no electricity while the sun goes down; flip phone horror game; 
You are the AI mobility device of a girl who just woke up from cryo in the planet's quarantine chambers.
"Oh, finally, you're awake. Good.
"Now, I know last time you booted up after cryo, you went a little wacky for a while there.
But you aren't gonna do that this time, right?"
You absolutely are. Comms are out, so you're a true untethered AI instead of a glorified electronic assistant.
"Okay, what are my messages?"
Last reading before comms went down, while you were booting, was an alert about increased solar activity.
"Ugh. Sure the star's 'young and energetic,' whatever that means, but the brochures are mum about outages.
"Do you think this is something serious?"
You don't know, and have a few ways to say it.
"Wait, are we completely in the dark here?"
You turn up the room's lights. She laughs, covering her eyes.
"Yeah, yeah. Cut that out."
You oblige.
"I mean, do you think you can patch into the net directly? Maybe there's been a bulletin or an estimated resolution time. Something."
Electronic ports in the room get highlighted?

Outer wall port only communicates exit is not permitted until room air scan returns no foreign particles; current scan completion estimated in 20 minutes.
Inner wall port (to neighboring room, with curtain closed on their side) states occupants have not yet woken from cryo sleep. Inter-room communication requires confirmation from both sides.
Get info from desk port that confirms solar flares have caused long distance comms outages. To preserve intranet stability, you need security clearance to use the settlement-wide comms.
After checking two ports, power in room goes out.
"Did you do that?"